extended Configuring AWS Credentials with hop-off case (#1209)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/index.md

Using named profiles allows Steampipe to work with your existing CLI configurations, including SSO and using role assumption.

> ### AWS Profile Credentials with IAM Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AWS Profile Credentials with AssumeRole
```

This slight change should keep section headers consistent (see the other `AssumeRole` sections below)

> You may have an IAM User in an AWS account used to hop-off to other accounts via assume role. In this case the AWS Credential files looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have credentials in a profile used to assume a role in the same or different AWS account.
```

My suggestions are based off of the following assumptions (but I haven't verified), so if any of these are incorrect please let me know:
- Do the creds in the starting profile need to be from an user, i.e., using an access key pair? Or could they be any type of supported profile credentials (assuming this case)?
- Does the role need to be in another account, or could it be to a role inside the same account (assuming this case)?

#### aws credential file:

> ```ini
> [profile_hop_off]
> aws_access_key_id = AKIA4YFAKEKEYXTDS252
> aws_secret_access_key = SH42YMW5p3EThisIsNotRealzTiEUwXN8BOIOF5J8m
> # this IAM User must have permissions to ReadOnlyAccess and sts:AssumeRole for 'arn:aws:iam::*:role/spc_role'
> 
> [profile_hop_to_a]
> role_arn = arn:aws:iam::111111111111:role/spc_role
> source_profile = profile_hop_off
> 
> [profile_hop_to_b]
> role_arn = arn:aws:iam::222222222222:role/spc_role
> source_profile = profile_hop_off
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ini
# This profile must have permissions to ReadOnlyAccess and sts:AssumeRole for 'arn:aws:iam::*:role/spc_role'
[profile_hop_off]
aws_access_key_id = AKIA4YFAKEKEYXTDS252
aws_secret_access_key = SH42YMW5p3EThisIsNotRealzTiEUwXN8BOIOF5J8m

[profile_hop_to_a]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::111111111111:role/spc_role
source_profile = profile_hop_off

[profile_hop_to_b]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::222222222222:role/spc_role
source_profile = profile_hop_off
```
```

Why does the profile need `ReadOnlyAccess`? I understand `sts:AssumeRole` and `ReadOnlyAccess` is generally considered safe, but I'm curious what your testing has turned up for it.

Reviewer: For the AWS docs that I've read, like `https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-role.html#cli-role-overview`, they mention `sts:AssumeRole` being required, but not much about other permissions. Have you tried seeing if the authentication still works even if the IAM user doesn't have `ReadOnlyAccess`?

Reviewer 2: The "hop-off" IAM User can stay without ReadOnlyAcccess Permissions.
But then we need another Profile for an IAM Role (role/spc_role with ReadOnlyAcccess permissions) in the same account, the IAM User resides.
Maybe this is more consistent. 
But the profile "profile_hop_off" may then not be used in aws.spc (as it does not have proper read permissions)

Reviewer: @nuvibit-michael Do you know which read permissions the hop-off user needs in order to assume the role? In general, we like to recommend least privilege when we can as a security best practice, so `ReadOnlyAccess` may be required, but it's not clear to me yet why it's required.

For instance, is `ReadOnlyAccess` required because the source profile/user needs to have permissions for the resources that are being queried (and `ReadOnlyAccess` is a broad way of giving all read permissions easily), or do only the role's permissions matter for querying?

Also, when assuming the role, I'm not sure if AWS attempts to list/get the destination role info, since most docs just recommend `sts:AssumeRole`, so it may try to do a direct call to the given role ARN.

Reviewer 2: I observed a redundancy to "AssumeRole Credentials (No MFA)" and allowed myself to merge this with my sample

Reviewer: Nice catch, I didn't realize there was a similar section already!

#### aws.spc:

```hcl
connection "aws_account_hop_off" {
  plugin  = "aws"

>   profile = "profile_y"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  profile = "profile_hop_off"
```

Does this `profile` need to be the named one from the AWS creds file?

aws_access_key_id = AKIA4YFAKEKEYXTDS252
aws_secret_access_key = SH42YMW5p3EThisIsNotRealzTiEUwXN8BOIOF5J8m
region = us-west-2
# this Principal must have permissions to sts:AssumeRole for 'arn:aws:iam::*:role/spc_role'

> [profile_account_a]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role_without_mfa_a]
```

To keep the profile name related to the example, any thoughts on keeping these profile names close to what they was before, but updating it to use underscores instead (to be consistent with other example profile names)? We could also update the `cli-user` profile name to be `cli_user` and the names below in the `#### aws.spc:` section.

role_arn = arn:aws:iam::111111111111:role/spc_role
source_profile = cli-user
external_id = xxxxx

[profile_account_b]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::222222222222:role/spc_role
source_profile = cli-user
external_id = yyyyy
```

#### aws.spc:

```hcl
connection "aws_account_a" {
  plugin  = "aws"
  profile = "profile_account_a"

>   regions = ["*"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  regions = ["us-east-1", "us-east-2"]
```

To diversify the regions/show different configs, what if we had this connection as an explicit list, while the connection below uses `*`?

[vault_user_account]
credential_process = /usr/local/bin/aws-vault exec -j vault_user_profile # vault_user_profile is the name of the profile in AWS_VAULT...

[account_a]
source_profile = vault_user_account
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/my_role

> mfa_serial = arn:aws:iam::111111111111:mfa/my_role_mfa

Reviewer 2: not sure is this is a typo: 111111111111 vs 123456789012
